Update catalog-pricing.md (#106)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/rest/modules/catalog/catalog-pricing.md

You can set multiple special prices in a single call, as shown in the example below. The call sets special prices for a simple product, downloadable product, and bundle product for two days.

> **Adobe Commerce Note:** It is only possible to use a global price scope (Stores > Settings > Configuration > Catalog > Catalog > Price > Catalog Price Scope) for this endpoint. The mandatory parameters price_from and price_to trigger a catalog schedule, which is currently only supported on global scope. Overlapping date ranges on multiple stores will trigger a "Future Update already exists in this time range. Set a different range and try again." error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

The special price endpoint can only use a global price scope (Stores > Settings > Configuration > Catalog > Catalog > Price > Catalog Price Scope). The mandatory parameters `price_from` and `price_to` trigger a catalog schedule, which is currently only supported on a global price scope. Overlapping date ranges on multiple stores will trigger an error that states: "Future Update already exists in this time range. Set a different range and try again."
```
